---
title: "About"
permalink: /about/
---

This is a collection of thoughts and quotes (from mostly Stoic sources) on essential to me categories. This kind of note taking was known to ancient Greek and Roman philosophers as hypomnemata (memory aids). To the best of my knowledge, the word *hypomnemata* was recently popularized (in philosophical literature :bowtie:) by two great French philosophers of the XX century Michel Foucault and Pierre Hadot. The most prominent Stoics, such as Seneca, Epictetus and Marcus Aurelius, have been known for writing in this style.<br>
In fact, everything worth (and not so worth) saying has already been said by one of the ancient philosophers, and quoted by many others, like [this one :smile:]({% link _posts/quotes/montaigne/1592-02-08-everything-has-been-said.md %}) where the best quoter Montaigne is quoting Cicero. That's why, when I am trying to say something, I go to the sources first and try to recall or find who said it already, then, only if my search fails, I put in in writing, which is never as good and concise as what I find. 
Contemporary blog format, [for which we also owe Montaigne](https://www.theparisreview.org/blog/2010/11/12/what-bloggers-owe-montaigne/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}, seems suitable for the purpose, although the usual chronological hierarchy is hardly relevant here.<br>
I am maintaining this site for my own reference, as I find revisiting these thoughts (which I frequently do) more beneficial and satisfactory than reading daily news (which I never do) or maintaining social media accounts (of which I have none).<br>
If you are reading this, it likely means you ended up here by accident, but by all means keep reading for as long as it pleases you, it would only make me happy to know that someone finds any of this useful or enjoyable.